So let me do the changes for my other instances containers as well.
So.
So this time I'm going to choose my another instance.
This is the private I.P copy coming back here ssh -i,  key .pem EC2-user
and this is the IP now I'm able to access to my another instance and let me elevate my privilege.
Docker docker container ls.
Here we have 2 containers, so let me log into my first container docker.
Execute -it, now this is my first container and bin bash.
Okay.
USR share.
So let me remove this one index . html and.
This is my third container.
For instance.
2.
Exit, Docker container ls.
Let me choose the container id of my another container.
Usr share nginx html rm this one remove cat index . html.
Container 004, for instance.
02, So in each instance, we have 2 containers.
Okay, let me come out from here.
Now come to my this web page.
Let me refresh it.
Now here you can see the application load balancer is distributing the request equally to all the containers.